hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be sharing with you a very long awaited
study with me I have not filmed one of
these for such a long time and so I
really do apologize because I've been
getting so many requests to do another
one but today I decided to share with
you my very first study with me at
university so this morning I started
work at about half 6:00 and I just
started off by reading this comment tray
on the book of Job so this is for a
theology virtual latter assessment which
I am in the process of planning for and
since I'm doing mine regarding the book
of Job and the suffering of Jobe I
decided to read this and really it was
so useful I really wanted to read the
whole thing this morning so I spent
about an hour and a half doing this it
didn't take too long but it did eat up a
sizable portion of my morning
[Music]
so then after that I just went on to
Goodreads and logged in that I'd read
that book and then I was just doing some
preliminary work for an essay which I've
got to write for philosophy and we had
four titles to choose from and I wasn't
sure which one I wanted to do so I just
wrote out some key thoughts for each one
and then I decided to just read the
introduction to this book on Plato and
post-modernism so then next I decided to
make a quizlets apt and I just made this
one on look and live knits I believe it
was basically just going through all of
my lecture notes and extra reading and
making a Quizlet which I could easily
revise from at a later date because it's
good to stay on top of making your
revision resources then the next thing I
decided to do was write up the notes
from my most recent Bible past and
present lecture I really would like to
keep on top of this for Kerr's notes
writing is some of the most boring and
passive revision that you can do and so
it's a much more manageable if you just
keep on top of it and the next thing I
wanted to do was just clean my laptop
and then I went through some cupboard
organization bits so my general and I
source out my own desktop sorry but my
general plan today was to study for sat
hours and then here I blocked out half
an hour where I would just focus on
cleaning and doing chores but I got
everything done that I wanted to get
done during that time so I decided to
give myself a break and watch this video
of Jade's which I hadn't actually
watched it was a really old video so
then I just finished off writing the
Bible past and present notes which
really didn't take very long and I also
wrote up some notes for evidence and
argument so I like to write these up on
my iPad because there are lots more
diagrams it this module is on logic so
it's much more useful to be able to
handwrite it
and then after that I had a lecture to
go to I'm just walking back from the
workshop now and I will basically get
back with studying when I'm back in my
room so when I got back in I decided to
just look through the news I like to try
and keep up to date with the news and
this is a story which we were talking
about today in one of the workshops so I
just decided to look through it do a
tiny bit more research
and then after that I just decided to
read through this book on critical
essays on Emily Dickinson's letters
because again for the virtual letter
assessment that I'm doing I'm taking on
the voice of Emily Dickinson so I'm just
doing some research into how I can try
and adopt a mirror her writing style for
my assessment and after that I went
straight to a lecture and then I went
straight on to a Harry Potter social
which I will show you just now
[Music]